(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Receiving the wind of the changing seasons
The shining, brightest sun Lightly crossing over
the rough times I'm diving into the
city alone I wanna dive into paradise I
've found all kinds of trends So
I'm gonna be stronger I'm gonna
steal the spotlight Ready, set, go!
Everybody, come on!
Let's start running Dreams don't always
stop Let's go to the stage of
tomorrow Ready, set, go!
Everybody, come on!
Even if it's a little bit dark
I don't want to see it I
'm excited and excited I'm gonna steal
the spotlight R
yojishiki, Test No.
1 DX
R-002 Robojack It
's 40,000 yen.
I can't buy it even if I
go up the hill.
I can't buy it.
I'm a gold-blooded man
with a yellow forehead.
Oh, no!
Oh, wait!
Wait!
Security alert!
You're making a mess here again.
Junpei, are you studying?
You have a test tomorrow, right?
Yeah, but...
Even if I do it now, I won
't get smarter all of a sudden.
That's true.
Ryo-san!
Riku!
You're a grown-up now, but
you're with a kid.
What's so good about that?
It's a full-action robot with
a 4-channel radio.
It's a masterpiece.
Those who understand will understand.
Those who don't understand won't understand.
I guess that's how it is.
If Junpei gets at least 80 points
on the test, I'll buy you as
much as you want.
Really?
You'll buy me as much as I
want?
Just an example.
There's no way you'll get 80
points.
Yeah.
Ryo-san...
You'll get it!
Look at this year's Nagashima
Giants.
They turned the 11.
5 point difference in the first half and
won a miraculous league championship.
If you're motivated, you can do anything.
If Junpei gets 80 points, I'm
sure he'll buy you that rad
io.
Well, yeah, I guess so.
All right, it's decided!
Let's go, Junpei!
Hey, Kappi!
Yeah!
Wait, Ryo-san!
Ryo-san, wait up!
Hey, what are you going to do, R
yo-san?
What are you going to do?
Leave it to me.
In return, if you get the radio, I
'll buy you one for free.
Yeah!
I'll do it!
I'll definitely do it!
A tutor?
What about the tutor?
What's wrong with the tutor?
Why is Senpai here again?
Can you do it?
Ryo-chan is a tutor.
What?
Don't make fun of me!
What am I going to do if I
don't even know how to study?
Let's get started!
Get started?
The test is tomorrow, right?
That's why!
I'm going to study 24 hours a
day from now on!
What?
That's too much!
It's not too much!
When I was in high school, I didn
't sleep for three days to study, and
I passed the test!
What?
You didn't sleep at all?
Why are you saying that again?
If I slept, I'd forget everything I
learned.
That's terrible.
But normally, people's concentration doesn't last
that long, right?
Yes.
Even at work, they say it's more
efficient to take a break.
That's a stupid story.
In my case, my concentration is different.
Common sense doesn't work.
I think it's more correct to say
that common sense doesn't work.
Listen carefully.
Normally, your pace will gradually increase, and then
you'll fall.
But in my case, I start at the
peak, and then I rush into the test
day.
Your concentration lasts a long time.
I can't believe it.
Why not?
Even if you think you're focused, you
're actually pretty distracted.
In my case, my entire nervous system is
focused on the test, I'm 100%
serious.
But if I don't pay any attention,
I fall to zero.
I see.
It's like a man-made airplane.
That's like you, Ryo-chan.
And so, I'm going to start my
training...
Where did they go?
I knew it!
I hid my plastic model!
Hey, wait a minute!
Ryo-chan, do you really think
you're studying?
I know your concentration, but your academic ability
is a different matter.
What's going on?
How do you become a tutor at home?
I don't know.
How long are you going to play?
Huh?
Are you really going to study?
Are you?
Of course!
If it's for the radio show, I
'm going to do it no matter what!
Come on, give me the test paper.
What's the test range?
All right, let's start with the language
test.
Let's see, what's this?
Answer the meaning of the following phrase.
50, 100...
It's pretty easy!
No, no, it's obvious.
It's 50, 100.
This is the starting line.
All right, Junpei.
Try walking 100 steps from here.
Okay.
One, two, three, four...
Oh, really?
...
five, six, seven, eight, nine...
Oh, Ryo-chan.
It's dangerous to play on the road.
Grandma, this is studying.
Studying?
Oh, my God.
100 steps.
All right, Ryo-chan.
All right.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
Ryo-chan, what are you going
to do?
I do not know.
26, 47, 48, 49, 50.
It's the same.
That's right.
In other words, 50 steps and 100 steps
mean that even if the child's feet
are 100 steps away, When you grow up,
you can go 50 steps.
Yeah, I got it.
I see.
There was such an interpretation.
That's not possible.
Eye drops from the second floor?
Hey, Ryo-san.
What do you mean?
Then you should try it.
Let's go, Ryo-san.
All right, let's go.
Aim well.
I do not know.
Are you really going to put eye drops
from the second floor?
I did it.
How is it, Ryo-san?
Do you understand?
I feel numb.
When you put eye drops from the second
floor, the acceleration changes and
it feels very good.
Hey, Ryo-san.
Yes.
That explanation is completely different.
What?
Eye drops from the second floor are poisonous
and useless.
It is said that it has no effect.
50 steps and 100 steps is a phrase
from China.
50 people who ran 50 steps on the
battlefield can not help but laugh at 100
people who ran 100 steps.
It means that there is not much difference
between the two.
I do not know.
Yes, hello.
Shut up, Reiko.
I can not read it.
What is it?
Well...
I received a call from a neighbor.
He told me to take away the vehicle
that was illegally parked.
Reiko, would you like to go with
me?
Yes.
All right, Ryo-chan.
I'll be back soon, so do not
tell me anything strange.
All right, all right.
Hurry up and go to work.
You can take your time.
What?
Well, the noisy one is gone.
Do not hesitate to ask if you do
not understand.
Yes, Ryo-san.
What?
What is a crane turtle?
A crane turtle?
This.
Well, what is it?
There are a crane and a turtle.
If you count the number of heads, there
are a total of 20.
If you count the number of legs, there
are 62.
How many cranes are there?
How many turtles are there?
Well, the crane has two legs and the
turtle has four.
Well...
It's a crane turtle!
Help me!
No, help me!
Hey, Ryo-san.
Did you catch the crane?
Shut up!
Hey, how about the turtle?
I got it!
All right, it's about time.
Well, do not be angry.
It's in place of the crane.
Look, there's a turtle.
All right, this is finally a crane tu
rtle.
What?
Hey, hey.
If you look at the legs, you will
not understand.
Hey, stop it.
Oh, no!
I do not want a crane turtle.
I want a crane turtle.
A crane turtle is the first thing I
want to study.
This is a crane turtle.
That's right.
The principle of the PET bottle rocket is
to use the law of reciprocating
and anti-replicating.
The law of reciprocating and anti
-replicating is the theory that
the side that puts the force also receives
the force only in this amount.
If you send a large amount of air
into a water-filled bottle and shoot
it at once...
The compressed air will blow out the water,
and the bottle with the same amount of
force will fly away.
This is the same principle as a real
space rocket.
Hey, Ryo-san, can't you
make a bigger one?
A bigger one?
All right, here's the application problem.
All right, it's done.
A drum can rocket, Ryo-ts
ugo!
Let's try to launch it!
All right, here we go!
Ryo-san, we'll be counting
on you!
You coward!
Ouch!
Ryo-san, are you all right?
Are you all right?
All right, let's try the social science
next.
There's a door on the right side
of the road.
I didn't know there were so many
signs on the map.
So the launch pad is a penalty mark.
You're acting up.
Maru's the one who should be
doing it.
Oh, a ninja mark!
Oh, this is a manji shur
iken mark.
There were other ones, like shuji
shuriken, roppou shur
iken, and happou shuriken.
You're so knowledgeable, Ryo-san.
Of course I am.
By the way, you can make shu
ji shuriken with origami.
Really?
All right, it's done.
It's so cool!
I used to make this a lot and
play ninja.
Teach me!
All right, let's fold the origami
first.
And then...
Keiichi Nakagawa has returned.
Reiko Akimoto has returned.
Thank you for your hard work.
How's the tutor doing?
It seems like she's doing it quietly.
How's it going, Ryo-chan?
Darn it!
How dare you!
I'm Ryo Kuma.
I won't let you hit me with
that weird shuriken!
What did you say?
I'm Ryo Kuma!
Just as I thought.
You're overreacting.
You're just like a kid.
Hey, you're distracting me!
Hey, Ryo-chan!
Ryo-chan!
Oh, you're back.
Well, this is...
No!
I-It's dirty.
I knew you'd do that.
H-History is simple.
If you make a circle, you'll get
two points for sure.
Yeah.
Um...
What year was the Taika Reb
irth?
What?
The Taika Rebirth?
No!
It's the Taika Rebirth!
Huh?
It was in 645.
The way to remember it is...
Mujiko no Yozukuri, Ta
ika no Kaishin.
What?
I see.
Now that you mention it, there was also
Hito Nami ni Ogoreyo.
That's the way to remember Heih
oukon.
Suihei Ribe, Boku no
Fune.
That's Gensokigo.
Huh?
There's also Nakuyo Ugu
isu, Heian Kyo, Hiyoku
ni Moeru Kolombusu.
That's it!
Hiyoku ni Moeru Kol
ombusu, Suikin Chikam
oku, Dotten Kaimei, K
yojin Taihou, Tamagoyaki,
Oh Kaneda Hirouka, Oh Kan
eda Hirouka...
What was it?
What the heck is that?
What are you going to teach the kids?
That's what I learned when I was
a kid.
What is it?
If you have a problem, tell me.
Hey, hey.
You're not the only one who's
excited.
Tell me.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You remember that 645 is Taika
no Katsushin, right?
Yeah.
Next is Ono no Imoko, but
...
Oh, I know that one.
Ono no Imoko is famous for
eating sweet potatoes and booing.
It's a nostalgic name.
Did you become a swordsman after eating
sweet potatoes?
Huh?
A swordsman?
Wasn't Ono no Imoko just
someone who ate sweet potatoes and boo
ed?
So why does it have a historical name?
Because it's the first time in Japan
that someone ate sweet potatoes and boo
ed.
Oh, I don't want to hear it.
There's no point in saying it.
There was a swordsman, not a swords
man, right?
There is.
About 20 years after the swordsman.
There should have been a swordsman war.
Yes.
It's a ship I used to go
to China.
Yeah.
Huh?
Wasn't that ship shaped like this?
It's a ship with a lot of
people on board, right?
Amazing!
I think it was probably shaped like that.
You remember it well, Kyo-chan.
Oh, I'm starting to remember it.
I remember playing a prank on the teacher
when I saw U-Boat sell
ing dorae in Gento City.
Wow, that's so cool.
But you remember the details of the ship
well.
I imitated the ship and drew it
over and over again.
I can also draw Kanrinmaru.
Kanrinmaru was made in the
Netherlands.
It's a small wooden warship about
50 meters long.
Wow!
I think it was used as a training
ship for the Bakufu Navy.
It had five cannons on each side.
You know a lot.
Someone went to America on this, right?
Um, who was it?
It wasn't Katsushin, it
was...
Katsukai, right?
Yes, that person.
He doesn't know much about history, but
he remembers the illustrations in the textbook.
I'll give you a mission.
How about a helicopter?
A helicopter?
Um, I think it looked like this.
Wow!
Amazing!
Yes, I think it looks like it.
Why did you draw it right away?
It was in the textbook.
I was always doing pranks like this
during class.
There was also Sugita Genpaku.
He had a face like this when he
drew in the Ukyoen style.
Wow!
How is it?
Isn't it good?
The head of this hand was the most
fun to draw, so I was happy at
the time.
Wow!
Hey, Ryo.
Can you draw Minamoto no Yorit
omo?
How about Hideyoshi?
Yes, of course.
Yay!
I can draw him.
I can draw Ieyasu, Nob
unaga, and even Frank Zabier.
Wow!
Senpai.
Do you know who Sugita Genp
aku is?
Of course I do.
He's definitely a Rakuoka.
He's the one who drew the famous
Kaitai Shinshou.
No, no.
I thought he was a Rakuoka
when I saw him from the second floor.
Was he the one who drew the Y
ajikita Zouchuki?
That's Juppensha Ikku,
right?
I've learned a lot.
I don't know.
I don't care what happens to the
test.
Hey!
You can't draw that!
Okay!
You're pretty good at drawing.
I'm going to teach you something boring,
Ryo.
You were impressed, weren't you?
That's all for today's lesson.
Bye-bye!
Hey, what are you going to do with
the radio?
It can't be helped.
You're so mean.
Ryo, bring it back.
What?
Me?
I'm teaching you not to do things
like this.
It's part of the lesson.
What?
Where did they go?
Those guys!
It can't be!
What's going on?
Ryo, are you all right?
Shut up!
Hey, I found them!
Ryo!
You guys!
That's enough!
You're getting on my nerves!
I'm sorry.
Ryo, look!
You can't do that!
Look!
It looks just like your drawing!
What's that?
Ryo!
Hey!
That's Tatsuya Mamushiro!
I knew it!
He's disguised himself!
Stop right there!
You're not getting away!
Damn it!
Ryo!
Tatsuya Mamushiro!
You're under arrest!
How did you know?
You really are a piece of work.
I was just trying to show them what
I'm made of.
You're doing great.
Now that I've passed the test, I
have nothing more to say.
Of course you have!
Who do you think taught you?
Ryo!
Look!
You got an 80!
No, I got a 50.
What?
You didn't even get a 30.
Why?
I helped arrest the criminal, so the police
bought me.
That's great.
Yeah!
Studying is not everything in this world.
My practical way of studying is what I
call true study.
Yeah!
For example, my boss came here to study,
so he became so stubborn.
Even when he saw the variety show on
TV, he wouldn't laugh.
He'd get angry.
Hey, senpai.
I don't know!
I mean, it's true.
A stubborn person like that can't keep
up with his subordinates.
He's just a tourist.
Ryo!
Boss!
You did a great job yesterday.
You helped the citizens and arrested the criminal.
I'm so proud of you.
Sir.
By the way, the graffiti of your practical
way of studying.
Boss, you're so funny.
They did it on their own.
Stop talking nonsense and erase it!
Yeah!
Why am I the only one who gets
along with him?
Hey, Ryo.
I heard you had a good time.
Yeah!
What?
Hey, you guys help too!
Ryo!
Come here!
Damn it!
How stupid!
I can't do this!
It's fun to clean up.
Ryoichi.
Did you forget what I said earlier?
I'm going to deduct your salary from
my salary.
What?
That's not true!
Boss!
Bonus!
I'm so happy!
What?
You want me to pay you back?
No way!
This is the money I earned by sweating!
I won't give it to anyone!
Next time, Bonus Battle!
See you then!
Next
time,
Bonus
Battle!
See you then!
Subbed by Dreadopp and Z
edopp.